MFTF 2.3.12: Describe how to use reference to data key in `url` of metadata (#3365)
magento/devdocs: mftf/2.3/metadata.md

`name`|string|optional|Name of the operation.
`dataType`|string|required|Data type of the operation. It refers to a `type` attribute of data entity that will be used as a source of input data.
`type`|Possible values: `create`, `delete`, `update`, `get`.|required|Type of operation.

> `url`|string|optional |A routing URL of the operation. Example: `/V1/categories`. The full URL at the end will contain: `ENV.baseUrl` + /rest/ + `url`. You can use {} to specify url parameters to reference entity's property. Example:  /V1/path1/{key}/path2 or /V1/path1/{Type.key}/path2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`url`|string|optional |A routing URL of the operation. Example value: `"/V1/categories"`. The full URL at the end will contain: `ENV.baseUrl` + /rest/ + `url`.  To reference to a data key of a particular entity, wrap the reference into `{}` such as `{dataType.data_key}`, or mere `{data_key}` for entities that match the current or inherited `dataType`. Examples: `"/V1/products/{product_bundle.sku}"`, or just `"/V1/products/{sku}"` if `dataType="product_bundle"`
```

> `url`|string|optional |A routing URL of the operation. Example value: `"/V1/categories"`. The full URL at the end will contain: `ENV.baseUrl` + /rest/ + `url`.  To reference to an operation field of a particular operation type, wrap the reference into `{}` such as `{operationType.operation_field}`, or mere `{operation_field}` that will resolve the `operation_field` by the current or inherited `operationType`. Examples: `"/V1/bundle-products/{product2.sku}/links/{return}"`, or just `"/V1/bundle-products/{sku}/links/{return}"` as bundle-products's `operationType` is `product2`.

Reviewer: @jilu1 I didn't find an attribute `operationType`. Did you mean `dataType` of the operation?
